# Flashbake-iTunes #

Flashbake-iTunes is a plugin for [Flashbake](http://github.com/commandline/flashbake/ "commandline's flashbake at master - GitHub") that adds information for the current track into the automatically generated commit message.

The plugin uses Applescript to get the track information because of the nice Applescript hooks available in iTunes. There are a couple disadvantages to this, though--(1) this plugin will only work on Mac OS X, and (2) Python must call an external script, adding complexity and possibly processing overhead, and essentially creating a "Frankenscript." It works well, though.

## Installation and Use ##

Copy `itunes.py` and `current_track.scpt` to `~/.flashbake/plugins/` (create this folder if it doesn't exist).

Add the following line to your `.flashbake` file in your local project:

	plugins:itunes:iTunes

Test that the plugin works:

	flashbake -c /path/to/local/project
	
## Customization ##

By default the iTunes plugin adds three lines to your commit message:

	Track title
	Artist - Album
	1:03/4:43 - * * * *
	
This message is generated by `current_track.scpt`. You can modify the Applescript to customize the output of the track information.

## License ##

Flashbake-iTunes is licensed under the MIT License:

Copyright (c) 2009 Andrew Heiss (http://www.andrewheiss.com)
 
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
 
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
 
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
